This is received, this is received. And they have a lot of record of the resume teaching these days
.
But if they didn't put the practice, that won't help completely as we wanted it.
Yeah, but practice is simple. I mean, practice is so important.
And practice is also simple. Don't touch the best foundation.
We call it common or general practices, such as bodhicata, poor boneless talk, poor renunciation
talk.
Those are what the money comes because those are basic.
That is so important. Backing is the ground.
From there we have to develop. We know the best, basic things.
Really, this hovering, this hovering in the sky is not settled.
And therefore, they know mostly we leave this world, a world with empty hands.
That's nothing much to gain. And also we heard so many times, but we didn't have the confidence to
practice it.
Therefore, we don't have much confidence when you leave this world.
So therefore, practice is so important with devotion, with joy, in appreciation of bodhicata.
And then with this world, in three various stages or three higher stages.
So those are kind of activated those, as this is part of our practice in meditation.
And the target is now we go to the zouki teaching.